.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Pull Request

<!--Before contributing, please read our contributing guidelines-->

## Description:

<!--A brief description of what your pull request does.-->

## Related Issue:

<!--Is this related to an issue? Does it close one? If so, replace the XXXXX below with the issue number.-->

Closes #XXXXX

## Scope:

Did you remember to update the `package.json` version number?

- [ ] Major Version Update: X.\_.\_ (for complete code refactors, or large PRs that adjust most of the codebase)
- [ ] Minor Version Update: \_.X.\_ (for the addition of new commands)
- [ ] Patch Version Update: \_.\_.X (for bug fixes _in the code_.)
- [ ] No Version Update: \_.\_.\_ (no version update for additions to tests, documentation, or anything that isn't end-user facing.)

## Documentation:

For _any_ version updates, please verify if the [documentation page](https://www.nhcarrigan.com/BeccaBot-documentation) needs an update. If it does, please [create an issue there](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/BeccaBot-documentation/issues/new?assignees=nhcarrigan&labels=%F0%9F%9A%A6+status%3A+awaiting+triage&template=update.md&title=%5BUPDATE%5D) to ensure it is not forgotten.

- [ ] My contribution does NOT require a documentation update.
- [ ] My contribution DOES require a documentation update.

Commit message:

docs(test): reminder to contributors to add tests

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Pull Request

<!--Before contributing, please read our contributing guidelines-->

## Description:

<!--A brief description of what your pull request does.-->

## Related Issue:

<!--Is this related to an issue? Does it close one? If so, replace the XXXXX below with the issue number.-->

Closes #XXXXX

## Scope:

Did you remember to update the `package.json` version number?

- [ ] Major Version Update: X.\_.\_ (for complete code refactors, or large PRs that adjust most of the codebase)
- [ ] Minor Version Update: \_.X.\_ (for the addition of new commands)
- [ ] Patch Version Update: \_.\_.X (for bug fixes _in the code_.)
- [ ] No Version Update: \_.\_.\_ (no version update for additions to tests, documentation, or anything that isn't end-user facing.)

## Code Coverage:

Are all the unit tests passing and have you added tests that cover your changes? Run `npm run coverage`

Coverage Checklist:

- [ ] All unit tests passing
- [ ] Code which PR touches has tests.
- [ ] PR defines validation steps.

## Documentation:

For _any_ version updates, please verify if the [documentation page](https://www.nhcarrigan.com/BeccaBot-documentation) needs an update. If it does, please [create an issue there](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/BeccaBot-documentation/issues/new?assignees=nhcarrigan&labels=%F0%9F%9A%A6+status%3A+awaiting+triage&template=update.md&title=%5BUPDATE%5D) to ensure it is not forgotten.

- [ ] My contribution does NOT require a documentation update.
- [ ] My contribution DOES require a documentation update.
