CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Are you interested in contributing to this project? We are very excited to receive issues and pull requests, and welcome contributions from all users.

## Reporting Bugs and Requesting Features

We accept bug reports and feature requests from all contributors. Please follow the instructions below for our workflow.

### Feature Requests

Do you have a feature you would like to see added to this bot? Create a [new issue](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/BeccaBot/issues/new/choose) using the "Feature Request" template and we will get started on it as soon as we are able.

### Found a Bug

Did you discover a bug when interacting with this bot? Unfortunately, despite our best efforts we are still not quite perfect. You can submit a [new issue](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/BeccaBot/issues/new/choose) using the "Bug Report" template and we will address it as soon as possible.

## Writing Code for the bot

If you want to propose a new feature or bug fix for the bot's code, feel free to do so! We've included some helpful resources for you if you have any questions.

### Bot Test Server

You are welcome to join the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/PHqDbkg) to work with other developers and test your changes to the bot. Remember that you'll need to send us an invite link for your bot to join, and you'll need to have the bot running (this can be done locally while you're working on the files).

### Configure Your Bot

To set up your own instance of the bot, please review the [Developer Documentation](https://www.nhcarrigan.com/BeccaBot-documentation/).

### Need Some Help?

Do you need more information on how to contribute? Join either of the Discord servers linked above and ask @nhcarrigan for some help!

## Other contributions

If you are not comfortable with working on the codebase, there are still other ways you can contribute! You can:
- Help test features
- Help propose new features
- Help keep the documentation here and in the [documentation repository](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/BeccaBot-documentation/) up to date

Big thanks to ALL of our contributors! You are awesome!

Commit message:

docs(test): reminder to contributors to add tests

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Are you interested in contributing to this project? We are very excited to receive issues and pull requests, and welcome contributions from all users.

## Reporting Bugs and Requesting Features

We accept bug reports and feature requests from all contributors. Please follow the instructions below for our workflow.

### Feature Requests

Do you have a feature you would like to see added to this bot? Create a [new issue](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/BeccaBot/issues/new/choose) using the "Feature Request" template and we will get started on it as soon as we are able.

### Found a Bug

Did you discover a bug when interacting with this bot? Unfortunately, despite our best efforts we are still not quite perfect. You can submit a [new issue](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/BeccaBot/issues/new/choose) using the "Bug Report" template and we will address it as soon as possible.

## Writing Code for the bot

If you want to propose a new feature or bug fix for the bot's code, feel free to do so! We've included some helpful resources for you if you have any questions.

### Bot Test Server

You are welcome to join the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/PHqDbkg) to work with other developers and test your changes to the bot. Remember that you'll need to send us an invite link for your bot to join, and you'll need to have the bot running (this can be done locally while you're working on the files).

### Code Coverage

When submitting code changes, please ensure tests are added to cover your change or the expected behavior of code. We are using several frameworks to make implementing tests easier, and there are test-helper functions to keep these clean in `testSetup.ts`.

### Configure Your Bot

To set up your own instance of the bot, please review the [Developer Documentation](https://www.nhcarrigan.com/BeccaBot-documentation/).

### Need Some Help?

Do you need more information on how to contribute? Join either of the Discord servers linked above and ask @nhcarrigan for some help!

## Other contributions

If you are not comfortable with working on the codebase, there are still other ways you can contribute! You can:
- Help test features
- Help propose new features
- Help keep the documentation here and in the [documentation repository](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/BeccaBot-documentation/) up to date

Big thanks to ALL of our contributors! You are awesome!
